chore: update changelog and versions for 2026-04-06 release (#422)
aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper: awssql/CHANGELOG.md

### :crab: Changed
* Cache efm2 monitor key for better performance ([PR #328](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/328)).

## [2.0.0] - 2026-04-06
### :boom: Breaking Changes

> [!WARNING]\

> > 2.0 removes the suggested ClusterId functionality ([PR #355](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/355)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2.0.0 removes the suggested ClusterId functionality ([PR #355](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/355)).
```

> #### Suggested ClusterId Functionality

> > Prior to this change, the wrapper would generate a unique cluster ID based on the connection string and the cluster topology; however, in some cases (such as custom endpoints, IP addresses, and CNAME aliases, etc), the wrapper would generate an incorrect identifier. This change was needed to prevent applications with several clusters from accidentally relying on incorrect topology during failover which could result in the wrapper failing to complete failover successfully.

Reviewer 2: Note: This section is repeated elsewhere as well - so any accepted changes should be brought over to each driver module and the repo level changelog
```suggestion
> Prior to this change, the wrapper would generate a unique cluster ID based on the connection string and the cluster topology; however, in some cases (such as custom endpoints, IP addresses, and CNAME aliases, etc), the wrapper would generate an incorrect identifier. Removing the suggested cluster id functionality was needed to prevent applications with several clusters from relying on incorrect topology during failover and possibly failing to complete failover successfully.
```

> [!WARNING]\
> 2.0 changes the `ConnectionPluginFactory.GetInstance` method signature.
> #### ConnectionPluginFactory.GetInstance Signature Change
> The `ConnectionPluginFactory.GetInstance(PluginService, *RWMap)` method has been replaced with `ConnectionPluginFactory.GetInstance(ServicesContainer, *RWMap)`.
> The `ServicesContainer` provides access to the `PluginService` via `servicesContainer.GetPluginService()`, as well as other services.
> If you have created custom `ConnectionPluginFactory` implementations, update them as shown below.
> #### Migration
> ```go
> // Before
> func (f MyPluginFactory) GetInstance(pluginService driver_infrastructure.PluginService, props *utils.RWMap[string, string]) (driver_infrastructure.ConnectionPlugin, error) {
>     return NewMyPlugin(pluginService, props)
> }
>
> // After
> func (f MyPluginFactory) GetInstance(servicesContainer driver_infrastructure.ServicesContainer, props *utils.RWMap[string, string]) (driver_infrastructure.ConnectionPlugin, error) {
>     return NewMyPlugin(servicesContainer.GetPluginService(), props)
> }
> ```

### :magic_wand: Added

> * Global Database (GDB) Support, including GDB Driver Infrastructure, GDB Failover Plugin, GDB Auth Support, and GDB Read/Write Splitting Plugin.

Reviewer 2: Could we instead put these as sub points - I also think `GDB Driver Infrastructure` is not very understandable to a user - what does this mean to them? ie. support for connecting to global databases with the wrapper. Also maybe try placing the plugins in a sub list under `Global Database (GDB) Support` like was done in the repo level changelog. Should we also have links to the documentation for each of these plugins including the auth plugins. Preferably with sub sub points to all auth plugins and their updated docs for use with gdb connections

Author: yea, originally I wasn't sure how in-depth we should be for these ones vs the regular CHANGELOG. But I think redundancy is fine for these.

### :bug: Fixed
* Wrong host ID in host info ([PR #333](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/333)).
* Do not consider XX000 errors as network-related errors ([PR #334](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/334)).
* Minor blue/green fixes ([PR #343](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/343)).
* Fix issue with blue/green metadata for PG databases ([PR #348](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/348)).
* Read messages from embedded FS ([PR #409](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/409)).

### :crab: Changed
* Remove IP Address checking in staleDnsHelper ([PR #363](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/363)).

> * Read/Write Splitting improvements ([PR #407](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-go-wrapper/pull/407)).

Reviewer 2: Can we make this more descriptive in a way that would be understandable for users reading this? ie. what impacts could they see on their rw splitting behaviour

Author: Yeap, changed it to `Read/Write Splitting no longer uses a query to toggle between read and read/write mode`.
